User Manual - Binary Riddle 
Group 32 - Designed by Omer Adeel and Khush Patel

Introduction:
“Binary Riddle” is a twist on one of the many escape room puzzles designed to test individuals' problem-solving skills.
As technology is revolutionizing the day-to-day world, implementing a technical aspect to puzzles can help create more 
opportunities for how puzzles are made. Binary Riddle uses binary to add another layer of problem-solving to simple riddles.
Binary is a crucial, base-level language composed of 0s and 1s used by computers to carry out all its functions. Binary Riddle 
will begin by asking the player a set of challenging puzzles that they have to answer within the allotted time limit. As Binary 
Riddle uses binary, the users must answer all riddles in binary digits, creating extra complexity. 

Instructions: 
The game will query you on riddles ranging from difficulty, easy to challenging. A display board will prompt said questions to 
the user where the user will have ten quick minutes to solve ten problems at hand and leave their final answers in binary digits. 
To solve each problem, you will need access to the binary translation sheet that you will find hidden in the escape room. The game 
has 4 keys for the user to interact with, keys “1”, “0”, “delete” & “enter”. You can use the 1 and 0 keys to enter the desired binary 
digits to solve the riddles, the delete key to modify the answer, and lastly, the enter key to check if their answer to the problem is
correct.  All answers must be left in 8 binary digits. Good luck!


Questions:
Q1: If Mary is twice the age of her sister Anne when Mary is 2 years old. When Mary is 50 years old, how old is Anne? 

Q2: Solve the following: 5x +20 = 80. Input X?

Q3: What number is odd, a multiple of 21, and is between the numbers 5 and 10? 

Q4: What is the 11th term in fibonacci sequence?  

Q5: If there are three apples and you take away two, how many apples do you have?

Q6: If you multiply this number by any other number, the answer will always be the same. What number is this?

Q7: A boy blows 18 bubbles, then pops 6 eats 7, And then he pops 5 and blows 1. How many are left? 

Q8: If you divide thirty by half, and add ten, what do you get?

Q9: You’re sitting down for breakfast and realize you have 4 bagels left. You know you’ll run out in four days so you cut them in half. How many bagels do you have now?

Q10: What number can you subtract half from to obtain a result of zero?

Answers: 
A1: 49
A2: 12
A3: 7
A4: 55
A5: 2
A6: 0
A7: 1
A8: 70
A9: 4
A10: 8.  It's made up of two zeros, one on top of the other.